h1. Description

These are the files containing source code assigned as a homework for the Python class taught by Red Hat and Masaryk University in Brno, Czech Republic.

h1. Seminars

h2. Seminar one.

The bot now:

* parses the messages
* handles correctly @Ctrl+C@ and @Ctrl+D@ / @Ctrl+Z@ keystrokes
* allows
* can handle various commands and filters
* implements @shutdown@, @calculator@, @word-count@ and @karma@ commands
* implements @word-count@ and @karma@ filters
* has its functionality tested via unit tests

h2. Seminar two.

The bot now does everything from seminar one and:

* handles correctly karma changes in the middle of line and multiple karma changes
* has well defined object structure
* logs all messages locally to a file with a timestamp
* has new set of test for the new functionalities

h2. Seminar three.

The bot now does everything from seminars one and two and:

* allows now both shell (dummy) interface and telnet interface
* commands and filters are now divided into modules
* a new set of tests has been written
* the network interface is tested via Red Hat mock module

h2. Seminar four.

The bot now does everything from seminars one, two and three and:

* has a special thread that delays the message to the user
* has a special thread that parses the title of webpage when given it's URL
* both are hardwired into the bot as a command and filter respectively

h2. Seminar five.

The bot now does everything from seminars one, two, three and four and:

* parses configuration options from both command line and configuration file(s) passed via command line as arguments

h2. Colloquium

The bot now does everything from seminars one, two, three, four and five and:

* has a standalone configurable remote logging server
* can connect to that server and the server logs every message into a gzipped file
* the bot presenece is not crucial to the bot
